---
layout: doc
linkName: December 2016

title: "Release notes for December 2016"

middleRank: 2
---
# Release notes for December

## 23.12.16

### Changes:

* The landing pages and the blog got integrated with the dashboard. This greatly improves user flows and allows for easier exploring of showcases and example models.
* The dashboard has been redesigned to put more focus on the 3D content and simplify the model handling.
* The 3D models have a new standard background.

### Fixes:

* Saving a model could lead to an empty model being saved under certain, rare conditions. This has been resolved now.
* When uploading a custom organisation logo without having a Plus or Professional license a message was displayed that incorrectly stated that a Professional license was needed.

## 14.12.16

* Improvements to our furniture library for upcoming new functionality.
* Doors are now on a default angle of 92° for a nicer look.
* Minor stability improvements.

## 07.12.16

### Improvements

* The 3D editor now also allows to import images with the extension `.jpeg` in addition to the already supported extensions.
* The DXF export was previously producing invalid files under certain circumstances. The issue is now resolved.
* Orders are now limited to accepting five models in one batch to avoid browsers from breaking the uploads.
* Multiple photos can now be added via drag and drop when ordering a model.
* We improved the error reporting when a credit card is declined while upgrading a subscription.
* General improvement of the error messages in the application.
